Welcome back everyone. Today we're going to talk about good ways to learn English. Ready?
Who has some advice? We should always speak English in class. Good. Let's try to speak
English as much as possible. Why not write down our mistakes in our notebooks?
That's a good idea and don't forget to write down the correct answers next to the mistakes.
What else? It's a good idea to spell and pronounce new words aloud every day.
Thanks a lot Ling Ling. How about listening to the radio?
Yes, that's good for our pronunciation too. But there are so many new words.
You don't need to understand every word. You just need to listen for key words and main ideas.
That's the same for reading. English stories are so interesting. I get to know a lot about the world through reading.
I think writing is also important. Why don't we try to find some English pen friends? We can write to them.
Excellent. I agree with you.